# Tower-Defence
## About
Tower-Defence is a simulation of a tower defence game where software bugs are trying to reach the top floor of a building. To fend these bugs off are students who defend the building and attack the bugs, damaging the bug in front. The goal of the simulation is to defeat all the bugs before the building collapses.

## How To Play
The bugs descriptions are read from a text file and then generated. The students are generated by a AI to defend against the bugs.

## Features
- Sophisticated AI that creates students depending on what is needed at the time
- Save/Load system, meaning the state of the simulation can be saved at any time and subsequently loaded
- Several variations of bugs and students, each serving their own niche roles

## How To Run
1. Clone the repository and extract contents
2. Through either cmd or terminal, navigate to `/Tower-Defence/src`
3. Run `java EcsBuildingDefence 4 20 sample.txt 100`

The parameters above are adjustable. `4` specifies the floors of the building, `20` refers to the health of the building - once it reaches 0 the simulation is over. `sample.txt` is the text files containing the bugs to be used in the simulation, the format is as follows:

`Ardyn(NPB,1,1);Bahamut(NPB,1,2);Chaos(NPB,1,3);EmetSelch(NPB,1,4);Gilgamesh(NPB,1,5);Kefka(CMB,1,6);Memiroa(CMB,1,7);Necron(CMB,1,8);Sephiroth(CMB,1,9);Ultimecia(NTB,1,10)`

`Ardyn` is the name of the bug, `NPB` is the class of bug.`1` and `1` refer to the bug's level and the number of steps it takes respectively. Each bug contained in the text file must be delimited by semi-colons.

Lastly, `100` refers to the knowledge points of the team - this is the spending currency of the AI to recruit new students onto the team or upgrade existing students.
